we are going to think particularly on the How to think algorithmically ?

Our moto is to get the problem and try to solve it with the help of the algorithms and develop a metality which is going to help us solve problems.
What is an array ? An array is a sequence of a characters indexed from 0 to n , where n is the number of elements. 
It is stored in a consective manner aka contigous .It is stored in an contigous manner. 

searching
searching is basically checking whether the information is available or not . Search can be performed in many things. 
Linear search - Any time you search from Left or from the right to the end is called Linear search 
It is same as walking in the line , doesn't matter which way it is . 


let's discuss about the pseudo code - 
incase we are finding any value -
while(to the end){
    if (value ==50)
    return true;
return false ; 
}

So the pseudo code is basically the idea to identify the code , or the instructions which we are trying to find . 



Binary Search (Divide and conquer){

}
    while condition (start < end){
start with the middle 
   if (the number is equal to 50)
        return true;
    else if (number < 50 ){
        start =
        end = 

    }   
    else if (number > 50 ){
        start =
        end = 
    } 
    }
   
   return false ;

   so whenever you are starting  with the programming language , start with writting the code which is pseudo code .
   When u have the objective about what needs to be done , the program becomes a lot easy .


   now lets discuss the running time of these algorithms -

   while discussing about the time and efficiency of an algorithm , they come across an term which is mentioned below.
   Big O notation - it tells about the algorithm is going to perform with the increase in the size of the problme .
   Big O always gives us the upper bound and its always the worst case scenario. 

    
   O(n *n) - It is the 2 for loop . 
   O(n log n) - It is the 
   O(n)- it is the linear search .
   O(log n)- It is the best time possible.  This is the Binary search .
   O(1)- It is the constant time which we care about . 


   Omega gives us the lower bound . It gives us the lower bound and best possible scenario. 
   omega(1) - It is best case for the linear and the binary search 



   Lets translate this in the binary search .


   need to implement linear search with number 
   need to implement linear search with strings .
   Implement phonebook 


   It is best said that when you dont want to do any math on the numbers , take it as a string . 



Data structures - 
Array was part of the data structure but then we want to bring out the new ways to store the values better . 
It is