Last week we talk about various building blocks of the progrmming language . Now we are going to talk about the application of these ,which is what is important in every field . 
Cryptography - It is a science of encrypting the actual messages and then decode it when received by the required person.

What are command line interface ? 
Command line interface helps us to write the commands through the terminal . 
It is very usefull for the development purpose . 

clang -o hello hello.c
./hello 
The about command line argument is tedious , So the command make help us to write the command in a better way . 
make 

Let's talk about compiling - 
Compiling is combined of the four steps - 
preprocessing 
what is this all about ?
The main task of preprocessing is to keep the prototype of the file , it helps us to replace the functions which are available in the library.
#include <cs50.h> - In the preprocessing steps , the # symbol will be replaced by the functions prototype which we are taking from the library .
compiling
it converts the source code to the assembly language . it is not zeros and ones .
assembling 
It is the process in which the assembly code is converted into the machine language . It is the language which machine care about . It is zeros and ones and this language is understood by machine .

linking 
It links all the code and helps to run the program smoothly . 
For an example - it links all the files for example - cs50 , stdio.h and the hello will all be linked in this step .


What are the complications going from the source code to the machine code ?
Reverse Engineering 
Debugging

the following are the ways to think about debugging:-
1. Printf
The Printf function helps us to write the programs , it helps us to write the programs efficiently . 
For understanding a logical problem , we need to use the printf solution and try to find out what is going wrong . 

2. Debugger 
make hello 
debug50 ./hello 
Before using the above command for the debugging , we need to point a line in the code and set a breakpoint . 
step over , step into , resume are the few important features of the debugger mode .
Step over - means go to the next line after executing this line .
step into - it helps me to poke around the function , if the code is available in the memory . 

3. Talking Duck (Rubber Duck debugging)
talk to the object , and then eventually you will come into a solution . 

4. cs50.ai



bool 1 byte 
int 4 byte  - 32 bits - so 2^32 
long 8 byte 
double 8 byte 
float 4 byte 
char 1 byte 
string ? 

How does the arrays comes into picture ?
If suppose there are 100 of the scores you want to calculate and then work on it , It is best suited to use the use the arrays because you are just going to use the repetion , if incase we are using the particular variables . 


An array is a sequence of values back to back to back . 