This is the session which is going to make cs50 the cs50 .
In this session we are going to learn about the basic building blocks of the code and what is the thing which is running on the behind .
We are going to learn about hte memory , which is the most important characterstics of a machine . 
we are infact going to know about the best ways to make the use of this memory.

when we are talking about the computer science what comes to our picture , computer science is the study of the computer , about various algorithms , about the basic building blocks of the technology .
The question which i ask to myself is why do you want to become a software developer ?
the answer is i am very much passionate about this industry especially the tech industry and it is going to bring the best out of me . 
I believe there is a reason if God made me choose this path. I want to be in a position that is going to make me feel that i am a successfull software developer . 

The answers lies in the following questions ?
is this going to make you very rich ?
I believe anything which done with the right intention is going to make you rich , i believe now i am in a position where i don't work for money anymore . Its about the learning and the skill , if i have the right amount of the passion and i am definetly going to earn more . 
There are situation where i talk a lot about money , I am not going to do it . I am going to be in that position where money is not a matter and i just want to discuss about the learning . 

Is this the thing which you are passionate about ?
Surely it is, I am quite very passionate about multiple things , and i believe tech industry is one of it . When i talk about the passionate , I truly feel that i am going to take an extra step to learn the new things.  
I am going to spend most of my time learning it .

Is this the new buzzword of the industry ?
When we talk about the technologies , there are multiple things which we can work on , Spending too much time on the same activity is not going to help you . 
We know the fact that why are we doing it. 


What is it which makes you so passionate about computer science ?
The reason about being passionate about computer science is that it is going to very powerfull invention . The day we are good with the computer and its use cases , Trust me the process is going to be very good . 
We always talk about the system , and when we have the right system , we are going to do wonders . 
The day is never going to come in which we know everything , but we should be in a position where we are ready to take any challenges in our life particularly tech industry . 
It is me who needs to find out about what am i good at , I am surely going to enjoy the process of and going to keep my systems attached to the software developer . 

Is it that the fact , it is very powerfull ?
Yes it can be one of the reason of being a software developer  , With coding we can move mountains and i strongly believe it . It is definetly going to make a industry where we are not worried about any things .We are constantly improving . 

Is this way the companies are making money ?
yes , definetly companies make a crazy amount of money knowing about the software industry.
So how do they make money ? There are many business which runs offline , for an example , - the banks - now to make the bank website running day and night , there is whole lot of process going at the background , starting from developing the website  , to adding all the required features , to deploying the website in such a manner that it works 100% . there are lot of the activities going online to take care of it . 


Does staying in this job gives u satisfaction ?
It definetly gives me satisfaction , we are going to build something which we are going to feel proud about .  
Does staying in this industry gives you a kind of satisfaction ?
Yes definetly it does . 
Is it about meeting the new people in this industry ?
Yes , it is one of the reason staying in this field , we are going to be in a position where we are aware about ourself , about our well being , about our development . 
We are going to know about the fact the , it is not going to matter .


Is this the fact that you are very good in this industry? 
No , definetly not , i come from a industry where i belong from a family in which we are taught about business, my family not being very good at studies and same was the case with me . 
But it is me which i want to do something different , something unique . 

can you tell something unique about this industry ?
Yes 
What are the fields which is going to make great about this industry ?
Does this process of learing new things is going to help u ? 
Does this process helps you to stay organized ? 
Are you going to make the best version of yourself by focusing on this technologies ? 
